---
date: '2025-11-16T13:39:14+08:00'
draft: true
title: '20251116 Malaysia'
---

I'm writing this in the plane flying to Malaysia before heading to London.  First time on Batik. 
Finished the yoga retreat. Hopefully will build regular yoga practice. 

At the yoga retreat, the participants were from all walks of life. Consultant advising the US government on defense tech, presenter from Channel 9 and her mother who's recently divorced, energy reseller, also people who are on a career just like me. I wouldn't have met them otherwise.

There are two major themes to this Bali trip -- attending all the classes at the yoga retreat. It's 700 USD for pax for 7 days, I thought it's reasonanly cheap. The accomodation was above average than most of the accomodations i've stayed for far in Bali, with brick that means when it's rainy season not too bothered with the raindrops sound on the coconut leafs / wooden leaf. the only sound tht annoyed me a little bit was the water collision sound in the pool. 


Each morning, one of the instructors will spread out the deck of balinese blessing cards, and the participants each would pick one card from the deck. So these were the cards I picked for the 7 days retreat in ascending order: 
1. Simplicity 
2. Wisdom 
3. Happiness 
4. Joy
5. Creativity
6. (don't remember)
7. Gratitude

Yin Yoga is still my favourite style of Yoga. This Yoga retreat has sparked my curisoisty inyto understanding more on Yoga so I downloaded many books from my Amazon Kindle unlimited. 

Another part of major activities we explored more on the breathwork at the Yoga Barn. The food at Yoga Barn was quite amazing.

The last class we had at the Yoga Barm was Clarity Breathwork with the class starts with a bit of estatic dancing, then the activity of "What I really really want", and followed by an. hour of circla rbreathing practice -- that got the people into the altered state of consciouness. Again, there's a scientific evidence behind the sensations because the type of breathing increase oxygen intake, in turns that the carbon dioxide has built up more in our body and cause us have thickiling effect, so I guess that that class needs to have a huge disclaimer on that. 

Would still recommned but the risk is at yours. I'd practice that kind of breathing probably not too often and probably with a shortened time.

I guess after my a week stay in Ubud I feel more energised with what's ahead. I learnt that Ubud means medicine, which is interesting to me. I won't see myself coming bck here that often after gaining enough clarity in my life. 

I'm heading to Malaysia to reconnect with some of my friends for a 2 days before heading to London.